Feature/85061 (#491)
SnowdogApps/magento2-alpaca-theme: README.md

### Header & Footer CMS blocks

> We use CMS block to display and customise some content in header and footer, check `vendor/snowdog/theme-frontend-alpaca/Magento_Theme/layout/default.xml`  which cms block we use to buld the content structure, and check Alpaca components (Templates) to build HTML structure

Reviewer: this part isn't clear to me. maybe:
```suggestion
We use CMS blocks to display some customizable content in header and footer. Check `vendor/snowdog/theme-frontend-alpaca/Magento_Theme/layout/default.xml` to see which CMS blocks are displayed by default. When creating these CMS blocks, you can use templates from `vendor/snowdog/theme-frontend-alpaca/Snowodg_Components` as a base for the HTML structure.
```

### Homepage blocks

> Homepage content is build using static blocks, check `vendor/snowdog/theme-frontend-alapca/Magento_Cms/layout/cms_index_index.xml` to see which CMS blocks are displayed by default and check Alpaca components (Templates) to build HTML structure

Reviewer: same here
```suggestion
Homepage content is built using static blocks. Check `vendor/snowdog/theme-frontend-alapca/Magento_Cms/layout/cms_index_index.xml` to see which CMS blocks are displayed by default. When creating these CMS blocks, you can use templates from `vendor/snowdog/theme-frontend-alpaca/Snowodg_Components` as a base for the HTML structure.
```
